# Fight-Fire-with-Fire-Attack
This repository contains the artifact for our paper "**Classical Attacks, Modern Targets:Side-Channel Compromises Secure Boot Key in NVIDIA Jetson Edge AI**" published at NDSS 2026.

Our investigation uncovered **Fight-Fire-with-Fire Attack**, a novel and unpatchable vulnerability in the Nvidia Jetson Xavier NX SoC, which enabling `Secure Boot key (SBK)` and `Nvidia's MB1 Encryption Key (NV-MEK)` recovery through GPU-accelerated 32-bit correlation power analysis (CPA) within 10 hours.

This vulnerability has been reproduced and acknowledged by NVIDIA. In accordance with lawful vulnerability disclosure protocols, it has been assigned the CVE identifier **CVE-2025-286543**, and mitigation measures have been published. 

For details, refer to: <https://www.nvidiasecurity.com>

## Structure and File Descriptions
This repository is structured as follows:
- **`EM_Trace/`**: Contains the EM Traces set captured during the decryption of the MB1 firmware with SBK.

- **`rcm_message/`**: Contains the encrypted MB1 files generated by Jetson Linux BSP tool kit.  

- **`jetson_32bit_cpa.cu`**: Implements a GPU-accelerated 32bit CPA algorithm for key recovery.
  
- **`Result.txt`**: Records CPA result, including: top 4 candidate key and correlation coefficients and the AES-128 master key.
  
- **`roundkey.bin`**: Stores round keys generated by the CPA algorithm in `jetson_32bit_cpa.cu`.
  
- **`POC.sh`**: Automates the POC workflow:
  - 1. Compiles `jetson_32bit_cpa.cu` into an executable `jetson_32bit_cpa`.
  - 2. Runs the CUDA program `jetson_32bit_cpa` and output **SBK** value to `Result.txt`.
  - 3. Runs the Python script `decrypt.py` to decrypt the 8 rcm message with **SBK** and store to `decrypted_rcm_message/`.
  
- **`decrypted_rcm_message/`**: Contains the decrypted rcm message.

- **`image/`**: Contains the image files for README introduction.

